Main Screen:
  Add hot keys for menus and functions
  Add error pop up dialogs
  Add more to status bar... Status LED indicators, message counts etc

Config Dialog:
  Warn user when closing dialog with un-sent (dirty changes)
  Save position and size of dialog
  Deal with unknown node types on the network??
  Add spin buttons to IntEntry widget


Node Information:
  Node Status Error strings if in EDS file
  Node Status Values if in EDS file
  Add Parameters to Information
  Add Update on timer

Parameter Information:
  Add update on timer

Feature Additions:

  Enable / Disable parameters

  Write to file from traffic tab

  Protocol Help Reference, parameter definitions frame definitions etc.  Basically
  the specification but in a help type format.  Probably HTML viewer of some kind
  with enough smarts to either read the canfix.json or generated from it.

  Online device file and protocol file updates?  Maybe online updates.  Links to
  online help?  Maybe sitewide and user specific data file updates??

  "Save Entire Network Configuration" feature.

  Some kind of standard file sending / receiving protocol for some devices.  This could
  be used to transfer more advanced configuration files, interpreter files, or
  logged data files.  Would use the two-way channel mechanism.

  Network health page.  Bus bandwidth (if available), errors if multiple nodes are
  sending the same parameter.

  Method to send certain parameters from the Utility.  Perhaps some kind of custom
  page that we could use to send test information.  Configurable with json files maybe?


Enhancements:

  Improve Connection status on the status bar.  Something like a blinking green light
  or frame counter.

  All dialogs need to pre-set itself to the last used or configured settings

  Save settings to disk somehow. Separate from the ini file.  Use appdirs module to
  figure out where for each system.

  Descriptive Error when EDS file fails to load and fix crash on failure

  Add configuration option for the node list and parameter list timeouts

Bugs
